Update reproject example (#491)
DKISTDC/dkist: docs/howto_guides/sample_data.rst

.. _dkist:howto-guide:sample-data:

Downloading the Sample Data with Globus
=======================================

The Python tools provide a few different partial datasets as sample data, these are used in documentation and examples.
This how to guide will show you how to download the complete data for these datasets, or let you change the dataset for a different one.

Searching for and downloading the ASDF file
-------------------------------------------

> Using the `BKPLX <https://dkist.data.nso.edu/datasetview/BKPLX>`__ dataset from the VISP we download the ASDF file and create a `dkist.Dataset` object.

Reviewer: Looking to the future that [this PR is creating](https://bitbucket.org/dkistdc/dkist-inventory/pull-requests/60) we should probably replace references to an "ASDF file" with something like "metadata file".

.. code-block:: python

    from sunpy.net import Fido, attrs as a

    import dkist
    import dkist.net

    results = Fido.search(a.dkist.Dataset("BKPLX"))

>     asdf_file = Fido.fetch(results)

Reviewer: `asdf_file` -> `metadata_file`?

>     asdf_file = Fido.fetch(results, ")

Reviewer 2: `, '')` ?

Author: ```suggestion
    asdf_file = Fido.fetch(results)
```

    ds = dkist.load_dataset(asdf_file)

Downloading the FITS files with Globus
--------------------------------------

> Having loaded the ASDF file into a `dkist.Dataset` as this is a VISP dataset with polarimetry, we can download the Stokes I profile as so:

Reviewer 2: "like so"? "As" in this context is triggering import statement syntax in my brain.

Author: ```suggestion
Having loaded the ASDF file into a `dkist.Dataset` as this is a VISP dataset with polarimetry, we can download the Stokes I profile by indexing the first element of the first dimension:
```

> Having loaded the ASDF file into a `dkist.Dataset` as this is a VISP dataset with polarimetry, we can download the Stokes I profile by indexing the first element of the first dimension:

Reviewer: "This ViSP dataset has a polarimetric (Stokes) axis and so we can download only Stokes-I data by indexing to the first element of the first dimension:"

.. code-block:: python

    ds[0].files.download()  # doctest: +SKIP

> This will download all the FITS files into the same directory as the ASDF file.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This will download the Stokes I FITS files into the same directory as the ASDF file.
```
